Why won't you show me everything?
The wall being destroyed...
The day it happens...
If Carla is safe...
Was this really the only way?
You're there, aren't you, Zeke?
From here on, things won't go your way.
Only Eren will get what he wants.
What... did you say?
I saw Eren's memories of what comes next.
But I never imagined
it would be so terrible.
Zeke...?
Is that you?!
How you've grown!
I'm sorry... I was a terrible father.
The things I put you through
were so cruel.
Zeke... I love you.
If only I had spent more time with you...
Father...
Zeke...
Please, stop Eren.
We still haven't seen
the part where I eat him.
Did you... push Father into fighting
the King of the walls... and the world?
If the Attack Titan really has
the power to transcend time,
you could show him just the memories
which suited you to alter the past.
Father... Grisha hesitated to
carry out his Restorationist mission.
He knew he couldn't use the Founding
Titan's power, even if he stole it.
Except he did steal it--
and entrusted it to you.
Because of what he'd
seen in the future.
Something in the future--
something you showed him.
I'm grateful, Brother.
This was only possible because you
brought me into Dad's memories.
He said things wouldn't go my way--
that only you would get what you want.
Yeah. I saw it four years ago:
I saw my own future
through Dad's memories.
What a sight it was.
Founder Ymir! Make Eldians unable
to reproduce anymore!
The Coordinate...!
Grisha told me, "Please, stop Eren."
He regretted listening to you.
I don't know what sort of future
you saw through Father's memories,
but you didn't see everything, right?
For example, you didn't know you
couldn't use the Founder's power here.
You're as powerless as ever.
It's no use, Eren.
Once Ymir has begun to move...
...no one in this world can stop her.
"From You, 2,000 Years Ago"
You're amazing, Historia!
Look at how well you can read now!
That's only because you
taught me so much!
Hey, we can't have this.
You've got a runny nose.
You need to learn to be more
ladylike, Historia. Here, blow.
Ooh!
Good! Very well done!
Hey?
Hmm?
What does being ladylike mean?
Well... I suppose being ladylike means...
being a lot like this girl right here.
You like her, too, don't you?
Yeah.
She's always thinking about other
people because she's so kind.
The world is full of pain and suffering...
...so you should live in a way...
...to be helpful and loved by everybody.
One of you let a pig escape.
If nobody fesses up,
every one of you loses an eye.
Slaves have no need for two.
You're the one who let it escape?
Very well. You are "free."
You've done well, my slave, Ymir.
You've built roads, cultivated the wilds,
and bridged mountains.
My tribe, Eldia, has grown quite large.
As a reward, I shall give you my seed.
In the name of Fritz,
annihilate the vile people of Marley!
What are you doing? Get up.
I know you won't die
from a mere spear, my slave, Ymir.
Feast, my daughters! Whatever it takes,
Ymir's power must be carried on!
Eat every last piece of Ymir's body,
Maria... Rose... Sina!
My daughters...
Bear children and multiply.
Ymir's blood must be passed on.
If my daughters die, feed their
spines to my grandchildren.
If they die, feed their spines
from child to child!
Even after I pass, Eldia will dominate
the lands with its monstrosities,
and our Titans shall reign
supreme for eternity!
Until the world's end! For etern--
I'll end it!
I'll put an end to this world!
Give me your strength!
You're not a slave! You're not a god!
You're just a person!
You don't have to bow to anyone!
You can decide!
It's your choice! You get to choose!
--Do you wanna stay here for eternity
or should I end this?!
--Eren? Stop it!
--Do you wanna stay here for eternity
or should I end this?!
What's the big idea?!
What are you doing?!
Ymir! Obey my command!
--I said, "Make Eldians unable to reproduce!"
--Were you the one who led me here?
Do it now, Ymir!
You've been waiting this whole time.
I'm a descendant of royal blood!
For 2,000 years... For someone.
Wha--?!
Gabi!
Information Available for Public Disclosure
The Origin of Titans
According to legend, the Founder Ymir obtained the Power of the Titans when coming into contact with 'something.' For generations, her blood and power were passed down by the Eldians. However, the identity of that 'something' which began it all remains unknown. It may have been some type of pathogenic parasite, a god who pitied the Founder Ymir and gave her power, or something else entirely.
What is that? It's enormous...
It looked like it appeared from
where Eren was. That's...
He did it! Eren did it!
Speak up!
--We won!
--Huh?!
Eren has control of the Founder!
If the rumbling has begun,
Eren's the one behind it!
He's gonna crush the global alliance
assembling in Marley!
Eren's our ally! He's always been!
Zeke...
Eren came home... to be with us?
You're kidding! That's odd...
No, it can't be...!
Mikasa!
Even Wall Maria has come down!
If he's just crushing the global
alliance, what's the point?!
Shiganshina's wall should be plenty!
Why give up the walls to attack?!
If he's just crushing the alliance
in Marley, why use so many--?!
Hear me, Subjects of Ymir.
I heard Eren's voice!
My name is Eren Jaeger.
I'm using the Founding Titan's power
to address all Subjects of Ymir.
I've undone the hardening
of Paradis Island's walls
and the Titans buried within
have begun their march.
My goal is to protect the people
of Paradis Island--the place I was born.
However, the world wants to exterminate
my people--and not just on the island.
They will not stop until every last
Subject of Ymir is dead.
I refuse to let them.
The Wall Titans will trample every inch
of the world beyond this island
until every last life beyond
our shores is wiped out.
The ground shakes and rumbles.
A cloud of dust reaches the sky.
A horde of Titans marches ahead.
The island's walls are gone.
"Thaw"
Next episode: "Thaw."